about us 
========
Pet you are a cultivating game of AI+ blockchain.
-------------------------------------------------
AI education is our ultimate form of landing. We plan to open all the users of the platform to open at least 300 AI education schools across the country. We let 10 million people experience the blockchain experience AI benefits and dividends, let good products pass Pamp your platform to show it out. Let quality products and skills get more benefits.
AI pets are the best partners in our lives.
For example, if you want to make a fish-flavored pork, you can ask your pet.
For example, if you want to travel to a city that is not familiar with the local area, you can ask your pet's local weather, and the hotel, food, attractions, and so on.
For example, if you want to download an exchange, as long as he cooperates with us, you can ask your pet.
For example, if you are a self-employed person or a business, you can publish your own business or product or your own skills and information to your platform, so that users all over the network can see it when they need it.
For example, you are a new platform, and you will become your customer service.
For example, if you are a project party, you can enter your project data into the platform and let everyone know.
For example, if you like her, you can tell your pet the answer. In the future, you will know that you like her.
For example, if you travel abroad, your pet can translate for you, and there may be local merchants who support you to exchange services with AIE.
For example, if you are an exchange, you can link your own downloads to us, and all users of this platform will be able to see it in the future.
Pamper you, there are many possibilities, waiting for you to explore
Blockchain pass economy
----------------------
1. To achieve an open and transparent flow of assets, all people in the world can check the platform assets.
2, the total amount of the pass, as the user increases, can achieve continuous appreciation
3. Let people or organizations that do not need trust can work together to accomplish one thing.
4. Let users who hold AIEtoken become shareholders of the entire network.
5. In the future, you will be the shareholder of the AI ​​Education School. In the future, you will get the dividends from all the merchants of the platform. In the future, you only need to go to a city that has pet users, you can enjoy the quality service in the local area.
6. When your tribe has more than 500 users, you can create an AI education school by paying 600 AIEs per person.
Pet you
The platform has two identities,
First, the tribal lord "need to pay" tribal lords like "group owners", directed invitation system, tribal lords can receive tribal advertising fees, tribal funds are distributed by tribal lords, tribal lords are the top account.
Second, the tribe members are free to adopt pets.
Promotion mode
The more you push straight, the more algebra you can enjoy, up to 20 generations.
Promotion income
Players take 10% of the proceeds from the direct feed and 9% of the third generation 8%, and so on.
Players earn money by feeding pets
In the early days of the platform, only 1 million AIEs were used for the original release, and users purchased AIEs to feed pets. Late users can only feed by acquiring AIEs from early production on the market. To ensure the interests of platform players.
Reward rules
In the first stage, 30 million players can get 1% of the feed per day.
In the second stage, 30 million players can get 0.7% of the feed per day.
In the third stage, 30 million players can get 0.5% of the feed per day.
The platform is set up by smart contracts, and 90 million AIEs are awarded to all pet-feeding users. After each AIE output of 30 million pieces, it will automatically enter the next stage.
AIE totals 100 million pieces
90 million for rewarding players who feed pets
2 million founding team 36 months linear release
8 million venture capital company 36 months linear release
Initial airdrop mode
All players register to adopt a pet to send 2U
Directly recommend one person to reward 1U
Indirectly recommend one person to reward 0.5U
